Docs reference model about (#292)
nest-desktop/nest-desktop: docs/reference/sections/model.rst

Model view
==========

Left sidebar
------------

In this view you can manage your models.
In the left sidebar, a list of the available models is shown.
You can search the models list in the search bar on top of the list.
Below the search bar, you have the possibility to select the following filter options regarding node type and model source:

Installed
  selects only models which are installed locally
GitHub
  selects only models which are available on GitHub
Neuron
  selects all neuron models
Stimulator
  selects all stimulator models
Recorder
  selects all recorder models
Synapse
  selects all synapse models

Please be aware that the model source filters work like a logical AND, while the node type filters work like a logical OR.
The node and source filters are combined with a logical AND (e.g. "(Installed AND GitHub) AND (Neuron OR Simulator)").

Center area
-----------

> In the center area, the content for the model is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The center area displays the content for the model.
```
